Use Case: Process Fees 

Context: Acme Accounting wants to generate the report of ChocAn membership fees for payment 

Actors: Acme Accounting, ChocAn Data Center 

Main Success Scenario: 

Acme Accounting contacts the ChocAn data center 

The ChocAn data center generates a report of services provided during the week 

The ChocAn data center uses said report to calculate the total amount due 

The report and amount due is sent to Acme Accounting 

The EFT data for each provider is written to a disk 

This disk is submitted to the bank for processing and payment 

Extensions: 

n/a 

------------------------------- 

Use Case: Verify Member’s Info 

Context: The provider wants to know if a patient’s membership is valid. 

Actors: Provider, ChocAn Data Center 

Main Success Scenario: 

The provider swipes their card to enter the provider terminal 

The provider slides the member’s card or enters the member number on their terminal 

The ChocAn data center accesses their member record to determine their membership status and their payment status 

The provider’s terminal displays ‘validated’ to indicate the patient is a member in good standing 

The provider closes out of the member’s page to provide services 

Extensions: 

4a. The provider’s terminal displays “invalid number” 

	4a.1. The provider informs the patient their membership is invalid 

	4a.2. Use case terminates 

4b. The provider’s terminal displays “member suspended” 

	4b.1. The provider informs the patient they have unpaid dues 

	4b.2. Use case terminates 

 

-------------------------------------- 

Use Case: Record Services 

Context: The provider wants to record services they just provided to a member. 

Actors: Provider, ChocAn Data Center 

Main Success Scenario: 

The provider swipes their card to enter the provider terminal 

The provider swipes the member’s card or keys in their member number 

The provider selects that they are recording a service provided 

The provider enters the date the service was provided 

The provider indicates the service provided 

They first look up the service in the provider directory 

They then enter the service’s given 6-digit code 

The terminal contacts the ChocAn data center to determine the service code’s equivalent 

The provider confirms the service description displayed matches what they provided 

The provider has the optional opportunity to enter a comment about the service 

The ChocAn data center takes this data and writes it to a disk 

The provider closes out the service record 

Extensions: 

6a. The provider enters an invalid service code 

	6a.1. The terminal displays an error message containing the code and noting that it is invalid 

	6a.2. Use case continues at step 5 
----------------------------------------

 